Discourage using meta tags in metrics formats section (#1187)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/metrics/introduction/metric-formats.md

* The timestamp for the instant that the metric was measured is 1460061337.

:::tip

> You can use Sumo's metric rules editor to tag metrics with key-value pairs derived from a Graphite metric’s metric_path. Then, you can use those key-value pairs in metric queries. For more information, see [About Metric Rules](docs/metrics/metric-rules-editor#about-metric-rules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Sumo's metric rules editor to tag metrics with key-value pairs derived from a Graphite metric’s `metric_path`. Then, you can use those key-value pairs in metric queries. For more information, see [About Metric Rules](docs/metrics/metric-rules-editor#about-metric-rules).
```

* `value` is any numeric value.
* `timestamp` is a UNIX timestamp.

:::important

> Currently Sumo interprets meta tags as non-identifying dimensions. However, this is subject to a change and meta tags and intrinsic tags will both be treated as identifying dimensions. To conform to the target behavior from the beginning, place all your metric's metadata in `intrinsic_tags` section.

Reviewer: I would just write what the current state is. Introducing the statement _meta tags and intrinsic tags will both be treated as identifying dimensions_ might be confusing since it's not currently the case.

Author: Applied @stacykor suggestion here.

> Currently Sumo interprets meta tags as non-identifying dimensions. However, this is subject to a change and meta tags and intrinsic tags will both be treated as identifying dimensions. To conform to the target behavior from the beginning, place all your metric's metadata in `intrinsic_tags` section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently Sumo Logic interprets meta tags as non-identifying dimensions. This is subject to a change and meta tags and intrinsic tags will both be treated as identifying dimensions in the future. To conform to the target behavior from the beginning, place all your metric metadata in `intrinsic_tags` section.
```

cluster=cluster-1 node=node-1 cpu=cpu-1 metric=cpu_idle
```

The following is an example of `intrinsic_tags` with an empty set of `meta_tags`, a value, and a timestamp:

```
cluster=cluster-1 node=node-1 cpu=cpu-1 metric=cpu_idle  97.29 1460061337
```

### Mandatory metric name

> Unlike Prometheus, Carbon 2.0 format doesn't enforce the presence of a metric name. It also cannot be reliably inferred automatically. Therefore, Sumo Logic require a `metric` key to be present among `intrinsic_tags`. All metrics without a `metric` key specified will not be ingested to Sumo and a `MetricsMetricNameMissing` Health Event for the associated Metric Source will be triggered (for more information on Halth Events, see [About Health Events](docs/manage/health-events#health-events)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike Prometheus, Carbon 2.0 format doesn't enforce the presence of a metric name and cannot be reliably inferred automatically. Therefore, Sumo Logic requires a `metric` key to be present among `intrinsic_tags`. All metrics without a `metric` key specified will not be ingested to Sumo Logic and a `MetricsMetricNameMissing` Health Event for the associated Metric Source will be triggered (for more information on Halth Events, see [About Health Events](docs/manage/health-events#health-events)).
```
